pages/api/divider.md, before:

---
filename: /src/Divider/Divider.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Divider



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| absolute | bool | false |  |
| classes | object |  | Useful to extend the style applied to components. |
| inset | bool | false | If `true`, the divider will be indented. |
| light | bool | false | If `true`, the divider will have a lighter color. |

Any other properties supplied will be [spread to the root element](/guides/api#spread).

## CSS API

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:
- `root`
- `default`
- `inset`
- `light`
- `absolute`

Have a look at [overriding with classes](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/src/Divider/Divider.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` key of the theme as documented
[here](/customization/themes#customizing-all-instances-of-a-component-type),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiDivider`.

## Demos

- [Dividers](/demos/dividers)
- [Lists](/demos/lists)

Commit message:

[Divider] Add component property (#9927)
It was also the occasion to normalize the piece of logic on the codebase.
We rename the propert `Component` instead of `ComponentProps`.

Also, we only explicit the `children` property when we need to.
It's less code.

pages/api/divider.md, after:

---
filename: /src/Divider/Divider.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Divider



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| absolute | bool | false |  |
| classes | object |  | Useful to extend the style applied to components. |
| component | union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;func<br> | 'hr' | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| inset | bool | false | If `true`, the divider will be indented. |
| light | bool | false | If `true`, the divider will have a lighter color. |

Any other properties supplied will be [spread to the root element](/guides/api#spread).

## CSS API

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:
- `root`
- `inset`
- `default`
- `light`
- `absolute`

Have a look at [overriding with classes](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/src/Divider/Divider.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` key of the theme as documented
[here](/customization/themes#customizing-all-instances-of-a-component-type),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiDivider`.

## Demos

- [Dividers](/demos/dividers)
- [Lists](/demos/lists)
