pages/api/input.md, before:

---
filename: /src/Input/Input.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Input



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">autoComplete</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | This property helps users to fill forms faster, especially on mobile devices. The name can be confusing, as it's more like an autofill. You can learn more about it here: https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/form-control-infrastructure.html#autofill |
| <span class="prop-name">autoFocus</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool |  | If `true`, the input will be focused during the first mount. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object |  | Useful to extend the style applied to components. |
| <span class="prop-name">className</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | The CSS class name of the wrapper element. |
| <span class="prop-name">defaultValue</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;number<br> |  | The default input value, useful when not controlling the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool |  | If `true`, the input will be disabled. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableUnderline</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the input will not have an underline. |
| <span class="prop-name">endAdornment</span> | <span class="prop-type">node |  | End `InputAdornment` for this component. |
| <span class="prop-name">error</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool |  | If `true`, the input will indicate an error. This is normally obtained via context from FormControl. |
| <span class="prop-name">fullWidth</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the input will take up the full width of its container. |
| <span class="prop-name">id</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | The id of the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputComponent</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;func<br> |  | The component used for the native input. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object |  | Properties applied to the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputRef</span> | <span class="prop-type">func |  | Use that property to pass a ref callback to the native input component. |
| <span class="prop-name">margin</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'dense'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'none'<br> |  | If `dense`, will adjust vertical spacing. This is normally obtained via context from FormControl. |
| <span class="prop-name">multiline</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, a textarea element will be rendered. |
| <span class="prop-name">name</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | Name attribute of the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func |  | Callback fired when the value is changed.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback |
| <span class="prop-name">placeholder</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | The short hint displayed in the input before the user enters a value. |
| <span class="prop-name">rows</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;number<br> |  | Number of rows to display when multiline option is set to true. |
| <span class="prop-name">rowsMax</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;number<br> |  | Maximum number of rows to display when multiline option is set to true. |
| <span class="prop-name">startAdornment</span> | <span class="prop-type">node |  | Start `InputAdornment` for this component. |
| <span class="prop-name">type</span> | <span class="prop-type">string | <span class="prop-default">'text'</span> | Type of the input element. It should be a valid HTML5 input type. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;number&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;arrayOf<br> |  | The input value, required for a controlled component. |

Any other properties supplied will be [spread to the root element](/guides/api#spread).

## CSS API

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:
- `root`
- `formControl`
- `focused`
- `disabled`
- `underline`
- `error`
- `multiline`
- `fullWidth`
- `input`
- `inputMarginDense`
- `inputDisabled`
- `inputMultiline`
- `inputType`
- `inputTypeSearch`

Have a look at [overriding with classes](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/src/Input/Input.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` key of the theme as documented
[here](/customization/themes#customizing-all-instances-of-a-component-type),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiInput`.

## Demos

- [Text Fields](/demos/text-fields)

Commit message:

[Select] Better document event.target.value (#10791)

pages/api/input.md, after:

---
filename: /src/Input/Input.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Input



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">autoComplete</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | This property helps users to fill forms faster, especially on mobile devices. The name can be confusing, as it's more like an autofill. You can learn more about it here: https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/form-control-infrastructure.html#autofill |
| <span class="prop-name">autoFocus</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool |  | If `true`, the input will be focused during the first mount. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object |  | Useful to extend the style applied to components. |
| <span class="prop-name">className</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | The CSS class name of the wrapper element. |
| <span class="prop-name">defaultValue</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;number<br> |  | The default input value, useful when not controlling the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool |  | If `true`, the input will be disabled. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableUnderline</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the input will not have an underline. |
| <span class="prop-name">endAdornment</span> | <span class="prop-type">node |  | End `InputAdornment` for this component. |
| <span class="prop-name">error</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool |  | If `true`, the input will indicate an error. This is normally obtained via context from FormControl. |
| <span class="prop-name">fullWidth</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the input will take up the full width of its container. |
| <span class="prop-name">id</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | The id of the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputComponent</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;func<br> |  | The component used for the native input. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object |  | Properties applied to the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputRef</span> | <span class="prop-type">func |  | Use that property to pass a ref callback to the native input component. |
| <span class="prop-name">margin</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'dense'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'none'<br> |  | If `dense`, will adjust vertical spacing. This is normally obtained via context from FormControl. |
| <span class="prop-name">multiline</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, a textarea element will be rendered. |
| <span class="prop-name">name</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | Name attribute of the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func |  | Callback fired when the value is changed.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback. You can pull out the new value by accessing `event.target.value`. |
| <span class="prop-name">placeholder</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | The short hint displayed in the input before the user enters a value. |
| <span class="prop-name">rows</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;number<br> |  | Number of rows to display when multiline option is set to true. |
| <span class="prop-name">rowsMax</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;number<br> |  | Maximum number of rows to display when multiline option is set to true. |
| <span class="prop-name">startAdornment</span> | <span class="prop-type">node |  | Start `InputAdornment` for this component. |
| <span class="prop-name">type</span> | <span class="prop-type">string | <span class="prop-default">'text'</span> | Type of the input element. It should be a valid HTML5 input type. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;number&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;arrayOf<br> |  | The input value, required for a controlled component. |

Any other properties supplied will be [spread to the root element](/guides/api#spread).

## CSS API

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:
- `root`
- `formControl`
- `focused`
- `disabled`
- `underline`
- `error`
- `multiline`
- `fullWidth`
- `input`
- `inputMarginDense`
- `inputDisabled`
- `inputMultiline`
- `inputType`
- `inputTypeSearch`

Have a look at [overriding with classes](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/src/Input/Input.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` key of the theme as documented
[here](/customization/themes#customizing-all-instances-of-a-component-type),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiInput`.

## Demos

- [Text Fields](/demos/text-fields)
