pages/api/linear-progress.md, before:

---
filename: /src/Progress/LinearProgress.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# LinearProgress

## ARIA
If the progress bar is describing the loading progress of a particular region of a page,
you should use `aria-describedby` to point to the progress bar, and set the `aria-busy`
attribute to `true` on that region until it has finished loading.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| classes | object |  | Useful to extend the style applied to components. |
| color | enum:&nbsp;'primary'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'secondary'<br> | 'primary' | The color of the component. It's using the theme palette when that makes sense. |
| mode | enum:&nbsp;'determinate'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'indeterminate'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'buffer'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'query'<br> | 'indeterminate' | The mode of show your progress, indeterminate for when there is no value for progress. |
| value | number |  | The value of progress, only works in determinate and buffer mode. Value between 0 and 100. |
| valueBuffer | number |  | The value of buffer, only works in buffer mode. Value between 0 and 100. |

Any other properties supplied will be [spread to the root element](/guides/api#spread).

## CSS API

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:
- `root`
- `primaryColor`
- `primaryColorBar`
- `primaryDashed`
- `secondaryColor`
- `secondaryColorBar`
- `secondaryDashed`
- `bar`
- `dashed`
- `bufferBar2`
- `rootBuffer`
- `rootQuery`
- `indeterminateBar1`
- `indeterminateBar2`
- `determinateBar1`
- `bufferBar1`

Have a look at [overriding with classes](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/src/Progress/LinearProgress.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` key of the theme as documented
[here](/customization/themes#customizing-all-instances-of-a-component-type),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiLinearProgress`.

## Demos

- [Progress](/demos/progress)

Commit message:

[CircularProgress][LinearProgress] Rename mode prop to variant (#10084)

pages/api/linear-progress.md, after:

---
filename: /src/Progress/LinearProgress.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# LinearProgress

## ARIA
If the progress bar is describing the loading progress of a particular region of a page,
you should use `aria-describedby` to point to the progress bar, and set the `aria-busy`
attribute to `true` on that region until it has finished loading.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| classes | object |  | Useful to extend the style applied to components. |
| color | enum:&nbsp;'primary'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'secondary'<br> | 'primary' | The color of the component. It's using the theme palette when that makes sense. |
| value | number |  | The value of the progress indicator for the determinate and buffer variants. Value between 0 and 100. |
| valueBuffer | number |  | The value for the buffer for the buffer variant. Value between 0 and 100. |
| variant | enum:&nbsp;'determinate'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'indeterminate'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'buffer'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'query'<br> | 'indeterminate' | The variant of progress indicator. Use indeterminate or query when there is no progress value. |

Any other properties supplied will be [spread to the root element](/guides/api#spread).

## CSS API

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:
- `root`
- `primaryColor`
- `primaryColorBar`
- `primaryDashed`
- `secondaryColor`
- `secondaryColorBar`
- `secondaryDashed`
- `bar`
- `dashed`
- `bufferBar2`
- `rootBuffer`
- `rootQuery`
- `indeterminateBar1`
- `indeterminateBar2`
- `determinateBar1`
- `bufferBar1`

Have a look at [overriding with classes](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/src/Progress/LinearProgress.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` key of the theme as documented
[here](/customization/themes#customizing-all-instances-of-a-component-type),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiLinearProgress`.

## Demos

- [Progress](/demos/progress)
