pages/api/radio-group.md, before:

---
filename: /src/Radio/RadioGroup.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# RadioGroup



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node |  | The content of the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">name</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | The name used to reference the value of the control. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func |  | Callback fired when a radio button is selected.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, value: string) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback<br>*value:* The `value` of the selected radio button |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | Value of the selected radio button. |

Any other properties supplied will be [spread to the root element](/guides/api#spread).

## Inheritance

The properties of the [FormGroup](/api/form-group) component are also available.

## Demos

- [Selection Controls](/demos/selection-controls)

Commit message:

[Select] Better document event.target.value (#10791)

pages/api/radio-group.md, after:

---
filename: /src/Radio/RadioGroup.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# RadioGroup



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node |  | The content of the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">name</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | The name used to reference the value of the control. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func |  | Callback fired when a radio button is selected.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, value: string) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback. You can pull out the new value by accessing `event.target.value`.<br>*value:* The `value` of the selected radio button |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |  | Value of the selected radio button. |

Any other properties supplied will be [spread to the root element](/guides/api#spread).

## Inheritance

The properties of the [FormGroup](/api/form-group) component are also available.

## Demos

- [Selection Controls](/demos/selection-controls)
