pages/api/table-footer.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/TableFooter/TableFooter.js
title: TableFooter API
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# TableFooter

<p class="description">The API documentation of the TableFooter React component.</p>



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node |   | The content of the component, normally `TableRow`. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object |   | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css-api) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;func&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;object<br> | <span class="prop-default">'tfoot'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |

Any other properties supplied will be spread to the root element (native element).

## Demos

- [Tables](/demos/tables)

Commit message:

[Table] Document the CSS API (#12147)
* added 3 exports and ran yarn docs:api

* let's merge

pages/api/table-footer.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/TableFooter/TableFooter.js
title: TableFooter API
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# TableFooter

<p class="description">The API documentation of the TableFooter React component.</p>



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node |   | The content of the component, normally `TableRow`. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object |   | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css-api) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;func&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;object<br> | <span class="prop-default">'tfoot'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |

Any other properties supplied will be spread to the root element (native element).

## CSS API

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:
- `root`

Have a look at [overriding with classes](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/packages/material-ui/src/TableFooter/TableFooter.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` key of the theme as documented
[here](/customization/themes#customizing-all-instances-of-a-component-type),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiTableFooter`.

## Demos

- [Tables](/demos/tables)
