pages/api/table-cell.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/TableCell/TableCell.js
title: TableCell API
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# TableCell

<p class="description">The API documentation of the TableCell React component.</p>



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node |   | The table cell contents. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object |   | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css-api) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;func&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;object<br> |   | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">numeric</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, content will align to the right. |
| <span class="prop-name">padding</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'default'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'checkbox'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'dense'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'none'<br> | <span class="prop-default">'default'</span> | Sets the padding applied to the cell. |
| <span class="prop-name">scope</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |   | Set scope attribute. |
| <span class="prop-name">sortDirection</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'asc'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'desc'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;false<br> |   | Set aria-sort direction. |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'head'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'body'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'footer'<br> |   | Specify the cell type. By default, the TableHead, TableBody or TableFooter parent component set the value. |

Any other properties supplied will be spread to the root element (native element).

## CSS API

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">head</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="head"` or `context.table.head`.
| <span class="prop-name">body</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="body"` or `context.table.body`.
| <span class="prop-name">footer</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="footer"` or `context.table.footer`.
| <span class="prop-name">numeric</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `numeric={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">paddingDense</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `padding="dense"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paddingCheckbox</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `padding="checkbox"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paddingNone</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `padding="none"`.

Have a look at [overriding with classes](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/packages/material-ui/src/TableCell/TableCell.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` key of the theme as documented
[here](/customization/themes#customizing-all-instances-of-a-component-type),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiTableCell`.

## Demos

- [Tables](/demos/tables)

Commit message:

[Table] Padding feature (#12415)
* Added table padding feature.

Fixed omission of padding as a valid prop of Table.

Fixed read-only problems with padding.

Defined Padding.

* Fixed style errors

* Fixed undefined context padding.

* fix(www): let's merge

pages/api/table-cell.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/TableCell/TableCell.js
title: TableCell API
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# TableCell

<p class="description">The API documentation of the TableCell React component.</p>



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node |   | The table cell contents. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object |   | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css-api) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;func&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;object<br> |   | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">numeric</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, content will align to the right. |
| <span class="prop-name">padding</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'default'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'checkbox'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'dense'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'none'<br> |   | Sets the padding applied to the cell. By default, the Table parent component set the value. |
| <span class="prop-name">scope</span> | <span class="prop-type">string |   | Set scope attribute. |
| <span class="prop-name">sortDirection</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'asc'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'desc'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;false<br> |   | Set aria-sort direction. |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'head'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'body'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'footer'<br> |   | Specify the cell type. By default, the TableHead, TableBody or TableFooter parent component set the value. |

Any other properties supplied will be spread to the root element (native element).

## CSS API

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">head</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="head"` or `context.table.head`.
| <span class="prop-name">body</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="body"` or `context.table.body`.
| <span class="prop-name">footer</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="footer"` or `context.table.footer`.
| <span class="prop-name">numeric</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `numeric={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">paddingDense</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `padding="dense"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paddingCheckbox</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `padding="checkbox"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paddingNone</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `padding="none"`.

Have a look at [overriding with classes](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/packages/material-ui/src/TableCell/TableCell.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` key of the theme as documented
[here](/customization/themes#customizing-all-instances-of-a-component-type),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiTableCell`.

## Demos

- [Tables](/demos/tables)
