docs/src/pages/getting-started/example-projects.md, before:

# Example Projects

Are you looking for an example project to get started?

We host some example projects which you can find in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui) under the [`/examples`](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/examples) folder:
- [Create React App](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/examples/create-react-app)
- [Next.js](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/examples/nextjs)
- [Create React App with JSS](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/examples/create-react-app-with-jss)
- [Create React App with TypeScript](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/examples/create-react-app-with-typescript)
- [Create React App with Flow](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/examples/create-react-app-with-flow)

The source code for this documentation site is also included in the repository.
This is a slightly more complex project.
Check out the [`/docs`](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/docs) folder for
build instructions.

Commit message:

[docs] Alternatives to CRA (#9810)
* [docs] Alternatives to CRA

* Update example-projects.md

docs/src/pages/getting-started/example-projects.md, after:

# Example Projects

Are you looking for an example project to get started?

We host some example projects which you can find in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui) under the [`/examples`](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/examples) folder:
- [Create React App](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/examples/create-react-app)
- [Next.js](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/examples/nextjs)
- [Gatsby](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/examples/gatsby)
- And more

Create React App is an awesome project for learning React.
Have a look at [the alternatives available](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/README.md#popular-alternatives) to see which project best fits your needs.

The source code for this documentation site is also included in the repository.
This is a slightly more complex project.
Check out the [`/docs`](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/v1-beta/docs) folder for
build instructions.
