docs/src/pages/discover-more/showcase/showcase.md, before:

# Showcase

The following is a list of some of the public apps using Material-UI. Not all of them have their interface implemented using 100% Material-UI.

Want to add your app? Found an app that no longer works or no longer uses Material-UI? Please submit a pull request on [GitHub](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui) to update this page!

## The list

### 1. LocalMonero
  A safe and easy-to-use person-to-person platform to allow anyone to trade their local currency for Monero, anywhere.

  https://localmonero.co/?rc=ogps

### 2. Venuemob
  A platform for individuals and businesses to find and book the perfect venue for any event.

 https://venuemob.com.au/

### 3. SlidesUp
  SlidesUp is a platform to help conference organizers plan their events.

  home: https://slidesup.com

  example: https://test.app.slidesup.com/confs/boston-conference-2017/agenda

### 4. Mantic Transparence
  An Open Data tool showing financial and demographic data for all the towns in France (in French).

  https://app.mantic.fr/

### 5. Meetingku
  A tool for controlling the meeting time.

  https://www.meetingku.com/

### 6. Indecision Digest
  A platform meant to bring professionals and youth together for career enlightenment.

  https://indecision.now.sh/

### 7. Injectify
  Allowing pentesters to perform advanced MiTM attacks on websites with ease.

  https://injectify.samdd.me/

### 8. Acme Center
  Collection of services, that empower you to express, discover, and be productive.

  https://acme.center

### 9. myBlog
  A Blog use material-ui-next.

  example: https://myblog831213.herokuapp.com/

  project: https://github.com/shady831213/myBlog

### 10. Builder Book
  Open source web app to write and host documentation or sell books.
  Built with React, Material-UI, Next, Express, Mongoose, MongoDB.

  homepage: https://builderbook.org/

  github: https://github.com/builderbook/builderbook

### 11. Modole Language Exchange
  Web app that allows users to write in the language they're learning and have it corrected by native speakers.

  https://en.modole.io

### 12. AudioNodes
  Modular audio production suite with multi-track audio mixing, audio effects, parameter automation, MIDI editing, synthesis, cloud production, and more.
  
  https://audionodes.com

### 13. CountUp: A Running Total Game
  A numbers game, currently in development.
  
  https://chrisward.co.uk/code/countup/
  
### 14. Componofy: Spotify Playlist Combination
  A web app that allows a Spotify user to combine private and public playlists and either create a new one or merge with existing playlist. You can also reorder your playlist tracks and upload new playlist cover images.

  homepage: https://componofy.herokuapp.com
 
  github: https://github.com/DalerAsrorov/componofy
  
### 15. Cryptoverview: A friendly Dashboard for your cryptocurrency portfolio
  Cryptoverview is a responsive webapp that displays a user's Bittrex portfolio, trending currencies and market caps. It provides some fancy charts, news related to cryptocurrencies, and more.

  homepage: https://cryptoverview.com

### 16. PersonalBlog: A starter for GatsbyJS
  A ready to use, easy to customize starter for GatsbyJS, blazing-fast static site generator for React.

  demo: https://gatsby-starter-personal-blog.greglobinski.com/
 
  github: https://github.com/greglobinski/gatsby-starter-personal-blog

### 17. Planalyze
  Planalyze is a real-time daily planning & task tracking tool that keeps teams connected & ahead of each day's workload.
  
  https://www.planalyze.io
  
### 18. Material Blog
  A blog with a UI built entirely using material-ui v1. Check out the [theming page](https://jdupont.github.io/halloween), which leverages `MuiThemeProvider` to allow for live theme changes.

  Demo: https://jdupont.github.io/

  Source: https://github.com/jdupont/jdupont.github.io
 
### 19. Rung - Exceptionality Management 
  Rung alerts you about the exceptionalities of your personal and professional life. 

  homepage: https://rung.com.br
  
  developers: https://developers.rung.com.br

  app: https://app.rung.com.br

### 20. Team SC
   The site of a cognitive neuroscience research group, with a carefully designed interface and animation.
   
   http://sc.bnu.edu.cn

### 21. Johnny Metrics
   Upload your trades, and analyze your crypto portfolio.

   https://johnnymetrics.com/demo

### 22. npm registry browser
   A web app that lets you search the npm registry and browse packages details.

   homepage: https://topheman.github.io/npm-registry-browser

   github: https://github.com/topheman/npm-registry-browser

Commit message:

[docs] Add showcase for Local Insights (#11131)

docs/src/pages/discover-more/showcase/showcase.md, after:

# Showcase

The following is a list of some of the public apps using Material-UI. Not all of them have their interface implemented using 100% Material-UI.

Want to add your app? Found an app that no longer works or no longer uses Material-UI? Please submit a pull request on [GitHub](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui) to update this page!

## The list

### 1. LocalMonero
  A safe and easy-to-use person-to-person platform to allow anyone to trade their local currency for Monero, anywhere.

  https://localmonero.co/?rc=ogps

### 2. Venuemob
  A platform for individuals and businesses to find and book the perfect venue for any event.

 https://venuemob.com.au/

### 3. SlidesUp
  SlidesUp is a platform to help conference organizers plan their events.

  home: https://slidesup.com

  example: https://test.app.slidesup.com/confs/boston-conference-2017/agenda

### 4. Mantic Transparence
  An Open Data tool showing financial and demographic data for all the towns in France (in French).

  https://app.mantic.fr/

### 5. Meetingku
  A tool for controlling the meeting time.

  https://www.meetingku.com/

### 6. Indecision Digest
  A platform meant to bring professionals and youth together for career enlightenment.

  https://indecision.now.sh/

### 7. Injectify
  Allowing pentesters to perform advanced MiTM attacks on websites with ease.

  https://injectify.samdd.me/

### 8. Acme Center
  Collection of services, that empower you to express, discover, and be productive.

  https://acme.center

### 9. myBlog
  A Blog use material-ui-next.

  example: https://myblog831213.herokuapp.com/

  project: https://github.com/shady831213/myBlog

### 10. Builder Book
  Open source web app to write and host documentation or sell books.
  Built with React, Material-UI, Next, Express, Mongoose, MongoDB.

  homepage: https://builderbook.org/

  github: https://github.com/builderbook/builderbook

### 11. Modole Language Exchange
  Web app that allows users to write in the language they're learning and have it corrected by native speakers.

  https://en.modole.io

### 12. AudioNodes
  Modular audio production suite with multi-track audio mixing, audio effects, parameter automation, MIDI editing, synthesis, cloud production, and more.

  https://audionodes.com

### 13. CountUp: A Running Total Game
  A numbers game, currently in development.

  https://chrisward.co.uk/code/countup/

### 14. Componofy: Spotify Playlist Combination
  A web app that allows a Spotify user to combine private and public playlists and either create a new one or merge with existing playlist. You can also reorder your playlist tracks and upload new playlist cover images.

  homepage: https://componofy.herokuapp.com

  github: https://github.com/DalerAsrorov/componofy

### 15. Cryptoverview: A friendly Dashboard for your cryptocurrency portfolio
  Cryptoverview is a responsive webapp that displays a user's Bittrex portfolio, trending currencies and market caps. It provides some fancy charts, news related to cryptocurrencies, and more.

  homepage: https://cryptoverview.com

### 16. PersonalBlog: A starter for GatsbyJS
  A ready to use, easy to customize starter for GatsbyJS, blazing-fast static site generator for React.

  demo: https://gatsby-starter-personal-blog.greglobinski.com/

  github: https://github.com/greglobinski/gatsby-starter-personal-blog

### 17. Planalyze
  Planalyze is a real-time daily planning & task tracking tool that keeps teams connected & ahead of each day's workload.

  https://www.planalyze.io

### 18. Material Blog
  A blog with a UI built entirely using material-ui v1. Check out the [theming page](https://jdupont.github.io/halloween), which leverages `MuiThemeProvider` to allow for live theme changes.

  Demo: https://jdupont.github.io/

  Source: https://github.com/jdupont/jdupont.github.io

### 19. Rung - Exceptionality Management
  Rung alerts you about the exceptionalities of your personal and professional life.

  homepage: https://rung.com.br

  developers: https://developers.rung.com.br

  app: https://app.rung.com.br

### 20. Team SC
   The site of a cognitive neuroscience research group, with a carefully designed interface and animation.

   http://sc.bnu.edu.cn

### 21. Johnny Metrics
   Upload your trades, and analyze your crypto portfolio.

   https://johnnymetrics.com/demo

### 22. npm registry browser
   A web app that lets you search the npm registry and browse packages details.

   homepage: https://topheman.github.io/npm-registry-browser

   github: https://github.com/topheman/npm-registry-browser

### 23. Local Insights
  A real estate data provider that aggregates and analyzes property records, permits, and tax documents.

  homepage: https://localinsights.io

  github: https://github.com/local-insights
