docs/src/pages/guides/api/api.md, before:

# API Design Approach

We have learned a lot regarding how people use Material-UI.
The 1.x.x rewrite allowed us to completely rethink our component API.

> API design is hard because you can make it seem simple but it's actually deceptively complex, or make it actually simple but seem complex.

[@sebmarkbage](https://twitter.com/sebmarkbage/status/728433349337841665)

As Sebastian Markbage [pointed out](http://2014.jsconf.eu/speakers/sebastian-markbage-minimal-api-surface-area-learning-patterns-instead-of-frameworks.html), no abstraction is superior to wrong abstractions.
We are providing low-level components to maximize composition capabilities.

## Composition

You may have noticed some inconsistency in our API regarding composing components.
To provide some transparency, we have been using the following rules when designing the API:

1. Using the `children` property is the idiomatic way to do composition with React.
2. Sometimes we only need limited child composition, for instance when we don't need to allow child order permutations.
In this case, providing explicit properties makes the implementation simpler and more performant; for example, the `Tab` takes an `icon` and a `label` property.
3. API consistency matters.

## Rules

Aside from the above composition trade-off, we enforce the following rules:

### Spread

Undocumented properties supplied are spread to the root element.
For instance, the `className` property is applied to the root.

Now, let's say you want to disable the ripples on the `MenuItem`.
You can take advantage of the spread behavior:
```jsx
<MenuItem disableRipple />
```
The `disableRipple` property will flow this way: [`MenuItem`](/api/menu-item) > [`ListItem`](/api/list-item) > [`ButtonBase`](/api/button-base).

### Native properties

We avoid documenting native properties supported by the DOM like [`className`](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-class-names).

### CSS Classes

All the components accept a [`classes`](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-classes) property to customize the styles.
The classes design answers two constraints.
We try to make the classes structure as simple as possible while keeping it complex enough for implementing the Material specification.
- The class applied on the root element is always called `root`.
- The classes applied on non-root element are prefixed with the name of the element, e.g. `dashedXX`.
- All the default styles are grouped in a single class.
- The boolean variants applied **aren't** prefixed e.g. `rounded`.
- The enum variants applied **are** prefixed e.g. `colorXX`.
- A variant has **one level of specificity**.
For instance, the `color` and `variant` properties are considered a variant.
The lower the style specificity is, the simpler you can override it.
- We increase the specificity for a variant modifier.
We already **have to do** it for the pseudo-classes (`:hover`, `:focus`, etc.).
It allows much more control at the cost of more boilerplate.
Hopefully, it's more intuitive.

```js
const styles = {
  root: {
    color: green[600],
    '&$checked': {
      color: green[500],
    },
  },
  checked: {},
};
```

### Internal components

Internal components have:
- their own flattened properties when these are key to the abstraction.
- their own `xxxProps` property when users might need to tweak the internal render method's sub-components,
for instance, exposing the `inputProps` and `InputProps` properties on components that use `Input` internally.
  For instance, exposing a `value` property.
- their own `xxxRef` property when user might need to perform imperative actions.
  For instance, exposing a `inputRef` property to access the native `input` on the `Input` component.
  It help answering the following question. [How can I access the DOM element?](/getting-started/faq#how-can-i-access-the-dom-element-)

### Property naming

The name of a boolean property should be chosen based on the **default value**.
For instance, the `disabled` attribute on an input element, if supplied, defaults to `true`.
This choice allows the shorthand notation:

```diff
-<Input enabled={false} />
+<Input disabled />
```

### Controllable components

Most of the controllable component are controlled via the `value` and the `onChange` properties,
however, the `open`/`onClose`/`onOpen` combination is used for display related state.

### boolean vs enum

You can potentially expose the variations of a component with a *boolean* or an *enum*.
For instance, let's say you have a button of different types.
You can use one of the two following options, each with its pros and cons:
- Option 1 *boolean*: `<Button>`, `<Button raised />`, `<Button fab />`.
  With this API, you can use the shorthand notation.

```tsx
type Props = {
  raised: boolean;
  fab: boolean;
};
```

- Option 2 *enum*: `<Button>`, `<Button variant="raised">`, `<Button variant="fab">`.
  With this API, you prevent invalid combination from being used, you bound the number of properties you expose, and you can easily support new values in the future.

```tsx
type Props = {
  variant: 'flat' | 'raised' | 'fab';
}
```

The Material-UI components use a combination of the two approaches.
We enforce the following rule:
- We use a *boolean* when the degrees of freedom required is **2**.
- We use an *enum* when the degrees of freedom required is **> 2**.

Going back to the previous button example; since it requires 3 degrees of freedom, we use an *enum*.

Commit message:

[core] Standardize the component injection pattern (#11204)

docs/src/pages/guides/api/api.md, after:

# API Design Approach

We have learned a lot regarding how people use Material-UI.
The 1.x.x rewrite allowed us to completely rethink our component API.

> API design is hard because you can make it seem simple but it's actually deceptively complex, or make it actually simple but seem complex.

[@sebmarkbage](https://twitter.com/sebmarkbage/status/728433349337841665)

As Sebastian Markbage [pointed out](http://2014.jsconf.eu/speakers/sebastian-markbage-minimal-api-surface-area-learning-patterns-instead-of-frameworks.html), no abstraction is superior to wrong abstractions.
We are providing low-level components to maximize composition capabilities.

## Composition

You may have noticed some inconsistency in our API regarding composing components.
To provide some transparency, we have been using the following rules when designing the API:

1. Using the `children` property is the idiomatic way to do composition with React.
2. Sometimes we only need limited child composition, for instance when we don't need to allow child order permutations.
In this case, providing explicit properties makes the implementation simpler and more performant; for example, the `Tab` takes an `icon` and a `label` property.
3. API consistency matters.

## Rules

Aside from the above composition trade-off, we enforce the following rules:

### Spread

Undocumented properties supplied are spread to the root element.
For instance, the `className` property is applied to the root.

Now, let's say you want to disable the ripples on the `MenuItem`.
You can take advantage of the spread behavior:
```jsx
<MenuItem disableRipple />
```
The `disableRipple` property will flow this way: [`MenuItem`](/api/menu-item) > [`ListItem`](/api/list-item) > [`ButtonBase`](/api/button-base).

### Native properties

We avoid documenting native properties supported by the DOM like [`className`](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-class-names).

### CSS Classes

All the components accept a [`classes`](/customization/overrides#overriding-with-classes) property to customize the styles.
The classes design answers two constraints.
We try to make the classes structure as simple as possible while keeping it complex enough for implementing the Material specification.
- The class applied on the root element is always called `root`.
- The classes applied on non-root element are prefixed with the name of the element, e.g. `dashedXX`.
- All the default styles are grouped in a single class.
- The boolean variants applied **aren't** prefixed e.g. `rounded`.
- The enum variants applied **are** prefixed e.g. `colorXX`.
- A variant has **one level of specificity**.
For instance, the `color` and `variant` properties are considered a variant.
The lower the style specificity is, the simpler you can override it.
- We increase the specificity for a variant modifier.
We already **have to do** it for the pseudo-classes (`:hover`, `:focus`, etc.).
It allows much more control at the cost of more boilerplate.
Hopefully, it's more intuitive.

```js
const styles = {
  root: {
    color: green[600],
    '&$checked': {
      color: green[500],
    },
  },
  checked: {},
};
```

### Nested components

Nested components inside a component have:
- their own flattened properties when these are key to the top level component abstraction.
  For instance and `id` property for the `Input` component.
- their own `xxxProps` property when users might need to tweak the internal render method's sub-components.
  For instance, exposing the `inputProps` and `InputProps` properties on components that use `Input` internally.
- their own `xxxComponent` property for performing component injection.
- their own `xxxRef` property when user might need to perform imperative actions.
  For instance, exposing a `inputRef` property to access the native `input` on the `Input` component.
  It help answering the following question. [How can I access the DOM element?](/getting-started/faq#how-can-i-access-the-dom-element-)

### Property naming

The name of a boolean property should be chosen based on the **default value**.
For instance, the `disabled` attribute on an input element, if supplied, defaults to `true`.
This choice allows the shorthand notation:

```diff
-<Input enabled={false} />
+<Input disabled />
```

### Controllable components

Most of the controllable component are controlled via the `value` and the `onChange` properties,
however, the `open`/`onClose`/`onOpen` combination is used for display related state.

### boolean vs enum

You can potentially expose the variations of a component with a *boolean* or an *enum*.
For instance, let's say you have a button of different types.
You can use one of the two following options, each with its pros and cons:
- Option 1 *boolean*: `<Button>`, `<Button raised />`, `<Button fab />`.
  With this API, you can use the shorthand notation.

```tsx
type Props = {
  raised: boolean;
  fab: boolean;
};
```

- Option 2 *enum*: `<Button>`, `<Button variant="raised">`, `<Button variant="fab">`.
  With this API, you prevent invalid combination from being used, you bound the number of properties you expose, and you can easily support new values in the future.

```tsx
type Props = {
  variant: 'flat' | 'raised' | 'fab';
}
```

The Material-UI components use a combination of the two approaches.
We enforce the following rule:
- We use a *boolean* when the degrees of freedom required is **2**.
- We use an *enum* when the degrees of freedom required is **> 2**.

Going back to the previous button example; since it requires 3 degrees of freedom, we use an *enum*.
