docs/src/pages/demos/tabs/tabs.md, before:

---
components: Tabs, Tab
---

# Tabs

[Tabs](https://material.io/guidelines/components/tabs.html) make it easy to explore and switch between different views.

## Simple Tabs

A simple example with no frills.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/SimpleTabs.js"}}

### Wrapped Labels

Long labels will automatically wrap on tabs. If the label is too long for the tab, it will overflow and the text will not be visible.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/TabsWrappedLabel.js"}}

## Fixed Tabs

Fixed tabs should be used with a limited number of tabs and when consistent placement will aid muscle memory.

### Full width

The `fullWidth` property should be used for smaller views.
This demo also uses [react-swipeable-views](https://github.com/oliviertassinari/react-swipeable-views) to animate the Tab transition, and allowing tabs to be swiped on touch devices.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/FullWidthTabs.js"}}

### Centered

The `centered` property should be used for larger views.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/CenteredTabs.js"}}

## Scrollable Tabs

### Automatic Scroll Buttons

Left and right scroll buttons will automatically be presented on desktop and hidden on mobile. (based on viewport width)

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/ScrollableTabsButtonAuto.js"}}

### Forced Scroll Buttons

Left and right scroll buttons will be presented regardless of the viewport width.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/ScrollableTabsButtonForce.js"}}

### Prevent Scroll Buttons

Left and right scroll buttons will never be presented.  All scrolling must be initiated through user agent scrolling mechanisms (e.g. left/right swipe, shift-mousewheel, etc.)

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/ScrollableTabsButtonPrevent.js"}}

## Icon Tabs

Tab labels may be either all icons or all text.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/IconTabs.js"}}
{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/IconLabelTabs.js"}}

## Disabled Tab

Tab may be disabled by setting `disabled` property.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/DisabledTabs.js"}}

## Customized Tabs

If you have been reading the [overrides documentation page](/customization/overrides)
but you are not confident jumping in, here's an example of how you can change the main color of the Tabs.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/CustomizedTabs.js"}}

Commit message:

[Tabs] Better Ant Design demo (#11095)
* Why does the tab content say Ant Design? :D

* [Tabs] Better Ant Design demo

docs/src/pages/demos/tabs/tabs.md, after:

---
components: Tabs, Tab
---

# Tabs

[Tabs](https://material.io/guidelines/components/tabs.html) make it easy to explore and switch between different views.

## Simple Tabs

A simple example with no frills.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/SimpleTabs.js"}}

### Wrapped Labels

Long labels will automatically wrap on tabs. If the label is too long for the tab, it will overflow and the text will not be visible.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/TabsWrappedLabel.js"}}

## Fixed Tabs

Fixed tabs should be used with a limited number of tabs and when consistent placement will aid muscle memory.

### Full width

The `fullWidth` property should be used for smaller views.
This demo also uses [react-swipeable-views](https://github.com/oliviertassinari/react-swipeable-views) to animate the Tab transition, and allowing tabs to be swiped on touch devices.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/FullWidthTabs.js"}}

### Centered

The `centered` property should be used for larger views.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/CenteredTabs.js"}}

## Scrollable Tabs

### Automatic Scroll Buttons

Left and right scroll buttons will automatically be presented on desktop and hidden on mobile. (based on viewport width)

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/ScrollableTabsButtonAuto.js"}}

### Forced Scroll Buttons

Left and right scroll buttons will be presented regardless of the viewport width.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/ScrollableTabsButtonForce.js"}}

### Prevent Scroll Buttons

Left and right scroll buttons will never be presented.  All scrolling must be initiated through user agent scrolling mechanisms (e.g. left/right swipe, shift-mousewheel, etc.)

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/ScrollableTabsButtonPrevent.js"}}

## Icon Tabs

Tab labels may be either all icons or all text.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/IconTabs.js"}}
{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/IconLabelTabs.js"}}

## Disabled Tab

Tab may be disabled by setting `disabled` property.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/DisabledTabs.js"}}

## Customized Tabs

If you have been reading the [overrides documentation page](/customization/overrides)
but you are not confident jumping in, here's an example of how you can change the main color of the Tabs. The following demo matches the [Ant Design UI](https://ant.design/components/tabs/).

{{"demo": "pages/demos/tabs/CustomizedTabs.js"}}
