docs/src/pages/layout/hidden.md, before:

---
components: Hidden
---

# Hidden

All elements are visible unless **they are explicitly hidden**.
To ease integration with our [responsive breakpoints](/layout/basics),
this component can be used to hide any content,
or you can use it in conjunction with our [`Grid`](/layout/grid) component.

## How it works

Hidden works with a range of breakpoints e.g. `xsUp` or `mdDown`, or one or more breakpoints e.g. `only='sm'` or `only={['md', 'xl']}`.
Ranges and individual breakpoints can be used simultaneously to achieve very customized behavior.
The up range is inclusive while the down range is exclusive.

```js
innerWidth  |xs      sm      md      lg      xl
            |--------|-------|-------|-------|------->
width       |  xs    |  sm   |  md   |  lg   |  xl

smUp        |  show  | hide
mdDown      |  hide          |  show

```

## Implementations

### js

By default, the `js` implementation is used, responsively hiding content based on using the `withWidth()` Higher-order Component that watches screen size.
This has the benefit of not rendering any content at all unless the breakpoint is met.

### css

If you are using server side rendering, you can set `implementation="css"` if you don't want the browser to re-flow your content on the screen.

## Breakpoint up

Using any breakpoint `up` property, the given *children* will be hidden *at or above* the breakpoint.

{{"demo": "pages/layout/BreakpointUp.js"}}

## Breakpoint down

Using any breakpoint `down` property, the given *children* will be hidden *at or below* the breakpoint.

{{"demo": "pages/layout/BreakpointDown.js"}}

## Breakpoint only

Using the breakpoint `only` property, the given *children* will be hidden *at* the specified breakpoint(s).

The `only` property can be used in two ways:
 - list a single breakpoint
 - list an array of breakpoints

{{"demo": "pages/layout/BreakpointOnly.js"}}

## Integration with Grid

It is quite common to alter `Grid` at different responsive breakpoints, and in many cases, you want to hide some of those elements.
For brevity, where you are already using `Grid`, you may specify `Hidden` behaviors as the `hidden` property.

{{"demo": "pages/layout/GridIntegration.js"}}

Commit message:

[breakpoint] Down properties are now inclusive (#9632)
* [Hidden] down properties are now inclusive
xsDown, smDown, mdDown, lgDown, and xlDown match the behavior of their *Up* counterparts and are now inclusive of the specified breakpoint.  This is consistent between the CSS and JS implementation of this component.

Additionally, `theme.breakpoints.down` has been altered to match this behavior.  This function is now consistent with its `up` and `only` counterparts.

Documentation has been updated, as well as internal dependence on the `down` function.  The implementation of isWidthDown has been altered so that its default behavior is to be inclusive (this was hinted in an associated comment, but was not the case).

The decision to move forward with this PR was made following a conversation with @oliviertassinari and @rosskevin, which resulted in a conclusion that it would be better to deal with this inconsistency and the breaking changes its solution would require while we are in beta.

These are the following breaking changes:

- 'createBreakpoints.down' is now inclusive of the specified breakpoint
- `isWidthDown` is now inclusive of the specified breakpoint by default
- `Hidden` will include the breakpoints associated with its *Down* properties regardless of whether CSS or JS is used.

* [Hidden] address PR notes
- Updated hidden doc
- Added an isHidden test
- createBreakpoints down will use the key if it is an unspecified breakpoint
- cleaned up createBreakpoints tests

* [Hidden] API docs update

* [Hidden] fix demos
- AppDrawer and ResponsiveDrawer were using *Down properties that needed to be shifted down one breakpoint due to the changes in this PR
- ResponsiveDrawer was reported in Argos
- AppDrawer was not reported in Argos
- BreakpointDown was reported as a regression, but the current behavior is as expected

* [Hidden] bump .size-limit for overhead to 24.4 from 24.3

docs/src/pages/layout/hidden.md, after:

---
components: Hidden
---

# Hidden

All elements are visible unless **they are explicitly hidden**.
To ease integration with our [responsive breakpoints](/layout/basics),
this component can be used to hide any content,
or you can use it in conjunction with our [`Grid`](/layout/grid) component.

## How it works

Hidden works with a range of breakpoints e.g. `xsUp` or `mdDown`, or one or more breakpoints e.g. `only='sm'` or `only={['md', 'xl']}`.
Ranges and individual breakpoints can be used simultaneously to achieve very customized behavior.
The ranges are inclusive of the specified breakpoints.

```js
innerWidth  |xs      sm      md      lg      xl
            |--------|-------|-------|-------|------->
width       |  xs    |  sm   |  md   |  lg   |  xl

smUp        |  show  | hide
mdDown      |  hide                  |  show

```

## Implementations

### js

By default, the `js` implementation is used, responsively hiding content based on using the `withWidth()` Higher-order Component that watches screen size.
This has the benefit of not rendering any content at all unless the breakpoint is met.

### css

If you are using server side rendering, you can set `implementation="css"` if you don't want the browser to re-flow your content on the screen.

## Breakpoint up

Using any breakpoint `up` property, the given *children* will be hidden *at or above* the breakpoint.

{{"demo": "pages/layout/BreakpointUp.js"}}

## Breakpoint down

Using any breakpoint `down` property, the given *children* will be hidden *at or below* the breakpoint.

{{"demo": "pages/layout/BreakpointDown.js"}}

## Breakpoint only

Using the breakpoint `only` property, the given *children* will be hidden *at* the specified breakpoint(s).

The `only` property can be used in two ways:
 - list a single breakpoint
 - list an array of breakpoints

{{"demo": "pages/layout/BreakpointOnly.js"}}

## Integration with Grid

It is quite common to alter `Grid` at different responsive breakpoints, and in many cases, you want to hide some of those elements.
For brevity, where you are already using `Grid`, you may specify `Hidden` behaviors as the `hidden` property.

{{"demo": "pages/layout/GridIntegration.js"}}
